Add `istio-system` namespace to module manifest (#1076)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.10.0.md

## New Features
- Remove Istio version `v1alpha1` from the CRD [#1062](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/1062)

> - We create `istio-system` namespace as part of Module manifest[#1076](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/1076) following decision for [namespace labeling](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/issues/922)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We create `istio-system` namespace as part of Module manifest [#1076](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/1076) following decision for [namespace labeling](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/issues/922)
```

> - We create `istio-system` namespace as part of Module manifest[#1076](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/1076) following decision for [namespace labeling](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/issues/922)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Now, the `istio-system` namespace is created as part of the module's manifest ([#1076](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/1076)). See the following [decision for namespace labeling](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/issues/922).
```
